Bus Scheme
    by Phil Hagelberg (c) 2007

== Description

Bus Scheme is a Scheme written in Ruby, but implemented on the bus!
Every programmer must implement Scheme as a rite of passage; this is
mine. Note that all the implementation of Bus Scheme must be written
while on a bus. Documentation, tests, and administrivia may be
accomplished elsewhere, but all actual implementation code is strictly
bus-driven. Patches are welcome as long as they were written while
riding a bus. (If your daily commute does not involve a bus, we may be
able to work something out regarding code written on trains, ferries,
or perhaps even carpool lanes.) Bus Scheme is primarily a toy; using
it for anything serious is (right now) ill-advised.

Bus Scheme aims for general Scheme usefulness optimized for learning
and fun. It's not targeting R5RS or anything like that.

== Todo

Bus Scheme is currently missing huge gaps in functionality:
* parse cons cells
* lambda
* fix variable substitution
* nested eval

== Bonus Fact

I haven't actually used a real Scheme yet. Everything I know about it
I've gathered from reading The Little Schemer, watching the Structure
and Interpretation of Computer Programs videos, and reading lots about
Common Lisp and Emacs Lisp. If there are huge gaping flaws in the
implementation, this is likely to be why.

== License

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option) any later
version.

This file is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this software; see the file COPYING. If not, write to the
Free Software Foundation at this address:

  Free Software Foundation
  51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor
  Boston, MA 02110-1301
  USA
